del /q /f /s pathToFolder

    /q (quiet mode) 
    /f (force)
    /s (including all subdirectories) 

nslookup

    Displays information that you can use to diagnose Domain Name System (DNS) infrastructure.

ipconfig/all

    Shows your pc ip and all net details

ping website url

    Show the ip address of any website

attrib +h +s +r nameOfFolder

    hide any folder
    attrib is used to display or change file attributes
    +h This flag is used to add the "Hidden" attribute to the specified file or folder
    +s This flag is used to add the "System" attribute to the specified file or folder.
    +r This flag is used to add the "Read-only" attribute to the specified file or folder.

attrib -h -s -r nameOfFolder

    unhide any folder
    attrib is used to display or change file attributes
    -h This flag is used to remove the hidden attribute from the file
    -s This flag is used to remove the "System" attribute from the specified file
    -r This flag is used to remove the "Read-only" attribute from the specified file 

wmic product get name

    This command is a Windows Management Instrumentation Command-line (WMIC) command used
    to retrieve the names of installed software products on a Windows system.


driverquery

    This command is a Windows Command Prompt command that allows you to display a list of all
    installed device drivers and their properties on a Windows system

    add /FO LIST to display the output as a list
    add /SI (signature) to displays digital signature information for drivers.
    add /V (verbose) to displays additional information about each driver.

systeminfo

    Display information about your system 

| clip

    copy output

arp -a

    The ARP -A command is used in the Windows Command Prompt to display the current Address Resolution
    Protocol (ARP) cache on your computer. The ARP cache contains a mapping of IP addresses to physical
    MAC (Media Access Control) addresses on your local network.


netstat -an

    The netstat -an command is a network utility tool available in various operating systems, including Windows
    and Unix-like systems. It provides information about network connections, routing tables, interface statistics,
    masquerade connections, and more. The -an flags are specific options used with the netstat command to display
    detailed information about network connections in a numerical format.

ver

    windows version

title 

    change title of cmd window

tracert

    This command, short for "traceroute," is a network diagnostic tool used to trace the route that packets take from your
    computer to a destination IP address or domain. 


wmic bios get serialnumber

    get computer's serialnumber

wmic memorychip get speed

    retrieve information about the speed of the memory chips (RAM) installed on your computer.

start softwareName

    open / run a software;.

fc file1 filw2

    This command comapres the content of the files


sfc /scannow

    The sfc /scannow command is a system utility in Windows used to scan and repair
    corrupted or missing system files. SFC stands for System File Checker, and the
    /scannow parameter instructs the utility to scan the integrity of all protected
    system files and attempt to repair any issues it finds.



